Issue#212 tech comparison matrix (#226)
decentralized-identity/decentralized-web-node: docs/companion_guide.md

| Identity                     | Decentralized Identifiers DID's. |
| Authentication               |	Web3 Wallets and DID. |
| Authorization	               | Object Capabilities |
| Transport                    | GraphQL API over HTTP/1.1 |
| Schema / Data Representation |	API models are defined as GraphQL Schemas. The underlying data store uses graph nodes: Accounts and Documents. Relations are expressed as Edges. |
| Query Capabilities           | Partial GraphQL Queries. As of this writing, a query cannot be made against any data attributes. |

| Atomic Data and Atomic Server | https://docs.atomicdata.dev/ |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| Description	                  | Atomic offers a specification and a server to build Json-LD for building privacy preserving applications. |
Specification	                  | Open-Source Specification. The Atomic Server implementation in Rust is also open sourced. |
| Deployment                    | It can be deployed in a Cloud environment or User-Hosted |
| Identity                      | PKI |
| Authentication                |	Json-AD Authentication Resource |

> | Authorization                 |	Atomic Hierarcy Model |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Authorization                 |	Atomic Hierarchy Model |
```

| Transport	                    | WebSockets, HTTP 1/1 |

> | Schema / Data Representation  |	Json-AD (Jason-Atomic Data). A variation to Json-LD but Atomic Data supports the definition of schemas to provide type-safey. |
> | Query Capabilities            |	Atomic Paths, SPARQL. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Schema / Data Representation  |	JSON-AD (JSON-Atomic Data). A variation of JSON-LD which supports the definition of schemas to provide type-safety. |
| Query Capabilities            |	Atomic Paths, SPARQL |
```

| Encrypted Data Vaults | https://identity.foundation/edv-spec/ |
| --------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |

> | Description           |	A specification with the goal of ensuring the privacy of an entity’s data by encrypting the data at rest. |
> | Specification         |	Open-Source Specification incubated by DIF. |
> | Deployment            |	[Pending] |
> | Identity              | Support for various Identity models. DIDs being one of them. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Description           |	A specification with the goal of ensuring the privacy of an entity’s data by encrypting the data at rest |
| Specification         |	Open-Source Specification incubated by DIF |
| Deployment            |	[Pending] |
| Identity              | Support for various Identity models, DIDs being one such. |
```

| Authentication        |	[Pending] |
| Authorization         |	Authorization Capabilities |
| Transport             |	HTTP 1/1, gRPC, Bluetooth |
| Schema / Data Representation | [Pending] |

> | Query Capabilities | The goal is to provide Indexing and Querying capabilities. The working group is in the process of how deciding how this is done. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Query Capabilities | The goal is to provide Indexing and Querying capabilities. The working group is in the process of how deciding how this will be done. |
```

| MyDex Personal Data Store | https://dev.mydex.org/connection-api/personal-data-store.html |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| Description	| The MyDex Personal Data Store is a secure data vault residing in the cloud and hosted by MyDex Community Interest Company. An individual’s data is encrypted at rest using the individual’s key. MyDex does not have access to any key for decryption. | 
| Specification	| Proprietary Specification |
| Deployment | Offered as a SaaS solution |
| Identity | MyDexID derived from PKI |
| Authentication | SAML and OIDC |
| Authorization	| Proprietary Data Sharing Agreement |
| Transport	| REST over HTTP/1.1 |

> | Schema / Data Representation | Json Formatted |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Schema / Data Representation | JSON Formatted |
```

| Query Capabilities | [Not found in documentation] |

| The Hub of All Things | https://www.hubofallthings.com/ |
| --------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |

> | Description	| The Hub of All Things is a service provided by DataSwift who developed the HAT Microserver, a personal web server and its accompanying PostgresQL database. A Hat Microserver semgments data in namespaces such that data from various verticals / domains / apps can live under the same instance. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Description	| The Hub of All Things is a service provided by DataSwift who developed the HAT Microserver, a personal web server and its accompanying PostgresQL database. A Hat Microserver segments data in namespaces, such that data from various verticals/domains/apps can live under the same instance. |
```

| Specification	| Proprietary Specification. HAT Microserver implementation in Scala is open sourced. |
| Deployment | Offered as a SaaS solution |

> | Identity | HAT Universal ID. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Identity | HAT Universal ID |
```

| Authentication | DataSwift One SSO |
| Authorization	| HAT Microserver Instructions Contract (HMIC) |

> | Transport	| REST over HTTP1/1. |
> | Schema / Data Representation | Json Formatted |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Transport	| REST over HTTP 1.1 |
| Schema / Data Representation | JSON Formatted |
```
